Update README.md (#10)
YCloudYUSA/openy_traction_rec: README.md

   - Enter a **Login URL**.
     - This will most likely be `https://login.salesforce.com`
   - Set the **Services base URL** and **REST API Base URL** as per their descriptions.

>      - **Ensure the REST API Base URL responds to `curl -I` with a `200` response**. Replase URLs like `*.lightning.force.com` witn `*.my.salesforce.com` because lightning url may result in a redirect, which will cause authentication error (`[@"message":"Session expired or invalid","errorCode":"INVALID_SESSION_ID"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - **Ensure the REST API Base URL responds to `curl -I` with a `200` response**. Replace URLs like `*.lightning.force.com` with `*.my.salesforce.com` because the `lightning` url may result in a redirect, which will cause an authentication error, like (`[@"message":"Session expired or invalid","errorCode":"INVALID_SESSION_ID"]`).

```

> `).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
